/exp/services/ledgerexporter: resumable export, check data storage for optimal starting point (#5264)
stellar/go: exp/services/ledgerexporter/README.md

ledgerexporter --start <start_ledger> --config-file <config_file_path>
```

### Configuration (toml):

```toml
network = "testnet"  # Options: `testnet` or `pubnet`

[datastore_config]

> type = "GCS"

Reviewer: if we are introducing a type field then we should probably remove the destination url scheme where we use the `gcs://` prefix for gcs objects. perhaps this type of refactor should be done in a separate PR since it isn't necessary for resumability ?

Author: yes, I agree, It seemed like a quick win to demonstrate how this is a pluggable framework for datastores, I can pull it out, but before doing so, I could also remove that one last reference to `gcs://` in gcs_datastore.go to avoid that overlap and if that is clean, can go with it?

Reviewer 2: I think we should defer adding any config parameters that aren't absolutely necessary to the [CLI](https://stellarorg.atlassian.net/browse/HUBBLE-271) ticket.  Because each parameter  added to the config file will need to be supported via command line (and environment variables) as well. So may be we can take a bit more time and design the CLI/config.

Author: after reading [CLI](https://stellarorg.atlassian.net/browse/HUBBLE-271), the scope doesn't touch on potential datastore config, but it may actually be beneficial to have the more pluggable key/value params schema present before going into that effort as it would then get woven into cli expectations from the beginning. Let me know if that makes a difference here, otherwise I will remove it, thanks!

Reviewer 2: Having separate flags is fine 👍 but I think having a single flag that includes destination type in the destination URL might be simpler because I can't think of a scenario where having separate flags would be beneficial but that's just my initial thought..

Author: is reference to 'flags' meaning a toml config parameter as shown here? This encodes config parameters for data store types as toml key/values rather than encoding the same into a single urn/url. The 'gcs' data store currently requires one config parameter for `destination_bucket_path`. That single value approach is possible because it is not including other required config params for gcs, such as the authentication creds, since we are assuming the operator will provide those settings via [GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials#GAC) in the environment for implicit authentication by gcp sdk. But, the auth config could be modeled as more config params also like`credentials=/path/to/local/credentials.json` or `token=xyz` just to illustrate the potential for more data store params.

The type and key/value format in toml, should provide a flexible model now that handles the single-value config of gcs data store, but at same time can demonstrate how ledgerexporter is enabled to use different data store types, with different config models, ensuring the type specific config gets passed to the associated constructor for the matching Datastore type implementation at ledgerexporter init time.

ledgerexporter --start <start_ledger> --config-file <config_file_path>
```

#### Resumability:
Exporting a ledger range can be optimized further by enabling resumability if the remote data store supports it.

By default, resumability is disabled, `--resume false`

When enabled, `--resume true`, ledgerexporter will search the remote data store within the requested range, looking for the oldest absent ledger sequence number within range. If abscence is detected, the export range is narrowed to `--start <absent_ledger_sequence>`. 

> This feature requires any existing data within the requested range on remote data store to be in an ordered and consistent state, beginning at `--start` and populalated contiguously in increasing order of sequence numbers, without gaps, up to point of abscence or `--end <end>`, whichever comes first or if streaming with `--end 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature requires all ledgers to be present on the remote data store for some (possibly empty) prefix of the requested range and then absent for the (possibly empty) remainder.
```

Borrowing some language from https://pkg.go.dev/sort#Search to make the description more concise

Author: yes, succinct
